Local OTP testing for signup and login

When message delivery is unavailable, this explicit local test mode displays a
random six-digit code on the signup and OTP login verification screens. It does
not send WhatsApp messages or email. Normal delivery failures never expose an
OTP: showing a real account's login OTP to its requester would bypass ownership
verification. The current authentication transport is WhatsApp, not email OTP.

Start a local MongoDB replica set named rs0 on 127.0.0.1:27017 first. This uses
the separate gfu_otp_test_local database, not the normal application's database.
Do not import real accounts into it. The normal backend/frontend .env files are
not changed by these commands.

In a fresh terminal in GitFit4U/backend:
  npm.cmd run dev:otp-preview

On first use, this creates the ignored .env.otp-preview from its example with
random local session/OTP secrets. It never replaces an existing preview file.
The default preview API port is 5001. Startup rejects production/shared servers,
non-loopback databases/origins and inherited live integration credentials.

Stop the normal frontend dev server if it occupies port 5173. In a separate
terminal in GitFit4U/frontend:
  npm.cmd run dev:otp-preview

Open http://localhost:5173. Create a new test signup, read the displayed code and
enter it. After logging out, choose Login with WhatsApp OTP and use that same
test phone number: the login verification screen also displays its current code.
An unknown number must sign up first. Disabled, Admin and unmarked real accounts
cannot use test login previews. Password recovery and privileged OTP flows do
not expose test codes.

Codes expire after five minutes. Resends retain the one-minute cooldown and
normal request/attempt limits. Codes are single use and stored only as HMACs on
the server; the displayed value stays in transient React state, not browser
storage. Successful verification, expiry or replacement clears the old code.
Reloading loses the preview; request a new code after the resend cooldown.
Test login does not mark the phone as verified by a messaging provider.

To remove the temporary behavior, stop both preview processes and use the normal
npm.cmd run dev commands. Production defaults remain OTP_MODE=whatsapp and
OTP_DEV_PREVIEW_ENABLED=false; the production frontend does not display codes.
Test accounts remain in the separate local database and cannot authenticate in
normal mode. No code removal or production configuration change is necessary.
